so that a lovely okay
that's all shot
Keep Calm a beginner ah lock on the site
only wish to repeat his wrong line lock
on Silas not only pick Tallulah shall we
say from put it as I then slowly Peters
I site like Adams I stick it is done I
wasn't by the girls ticket is done wrong
copy to Paco the colonists on me
to lagos el éxito lipika
ok Hammond writing my cousins happened
yep Dhoni I'm gonna hammer on 2
now I have don't live in ball our the
cheap high
ok
la gonna say keep buggin
no what the I didn't have my shot
let me get that right out I don't need a
gun okay tell ya that Ben come back the
song I'm up the
okay now go up in here with me Logan
poop my dad and I got my food Jenna bad
dog football award only football all
alone in her locker chihuahua
okay I'll go say keep Paloma to look at
the V gamma bop beep my name is HIPAA he
per se paga my mom that my mom to buy my
hip my bar guys come in the man yah TM
someone don't I died keep both for gps a
lie p deep minute
my lord
no no my Tommy died okay yah ahem a good
luck terrible ah shut up shut up kid
p.m. funny smell all the Bible young man
to play Kabaddi inside a phone okay
pavagadh me Tony sweaty shout my club